---
title: "Cinema"
date: 2024-12-28T12:00:00+01:00
location: "Ireland"
---

Recently, I've been frequenting the cinema thanks to my **unlimited cinema pass subscription**. For just 15 EUR per month, I have the freedom to watch any movie available in that cinema chain, anytime. This pass has encouraged me to see films I might not have otherwise considered. It's the classic case of the sunken cost fallacy: since I've already paid for the pass, I feel compelled to make the most of it. And surprisingly, I've discovered some fantastic movies I wouldn't have paid for individually. Here are a few standouts:

## Anora

{{< youtube p1HxTmV5i7c >}}

## The Substance

{{< youtube LNlrGhBpYjc >}}

## Kinds of Kindness

{{< youtube NGOL2_mI9Hw >}}

## Conclave

{{< youtube JX9jasdi3ic >}}

**In an era where [most films are not bad or good but just passable](https://www.quora.com/Why-are-mainstream-films-so-average-these-days-Hear-me-out), it was refreshing to see some bold, unconventional movies.** These films, though financially riskier than the usual blockbuster sequels like "Gladiator II" or "Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes," stood out with their superior plots and visuals. They offered something genuinely different, breaking away from the repetitive patterns of mainstream cinema.

In addition to these new films, the pass also granted me access to "revival screenings" of classics such as Pulp Fiction, The Terminator, Star Wars, Jaws, and Trainspotting. While I'm generally allergic about subscriptions, this cinema pass has proven to be a great investment. I plan to keep it for the upcoming year, eager to see what other hidden gems and beloved classics I'll encounter.
